You know you're asking about what stuff takes the train?
Yeah.
Some things like the tap,
I going to clap.
Can I get fired?
This is something you've never seen a bad.
Don't do that.
Yeah.
Wow.
They just wouldn't,
there's no reason.
Fine.
Good.
Okay.
When it wasn't her and she learned how to tap tapping thing.
No,
I'm fine.
I got my head.
She learns a tap things.
What I did was I targeted thing like this and then I put it on her hand.
Piece of elastic.
If you want to tap.
It was still light bulb.
We were her head.
What?
I want it.
Otherwise it's happened whenever they hit themselves so that she learned fairly
quickly.
This took months because you're telling me to pull that a piece of her own and
you can't physically hit you later where he could a champ.
I took a long,
long time.
Can you do that?
You can show it to you,
but
watching a video and get that
chimps learn by mimicking.
Once you listening,
I'm just getting Mickey him
cause she's out and he's not
doing good
doing it.
She's learning.
She's already used to the game.
You hear him laughing,
he gets paid for it.
But if you see that film,
you know was coming,
I let him make,
you know,
try to spot a little bit of help.
I want you to jump up and kicked me and grabbed me and watch your mouth.
Yeah,
that looks pretty scary.
It must be something else like that drove right back to her again.
Yeah.
I also,
good boy.
Eventually I meant to call plan,
but like I said,
I liked the fact that he's going to take me to be in your arms
close to monkey fangs.
Boy Mix.
That's good.
Okay.
Oh,
he's going for the joke.
Why separate work out?
I feel like I'm going to like rotate,
so he hopefully gets on this side.
Okay,
thanks.
Oh,
that's good.
Boy.
No,
let's map and that sort of Nice.
Okay.
So,
okay.
Okay.
That's good.
You see it on the gun.
Zoom it.
Yawn.
Yawn,